# 2020-October-08 ESLint TSC Meeting Notes

## Transcript

[`2020-10-08-transcript.md`](2020-10-08-transcript.md)

## Attending

* Nicholas C. Zakas (@nzakas) - TSC
* Toru Nagashima (@mysticatea) - TSC
* Brandon Mills (@btmills) - TSC
* Milos Djermanovic (@mdjermanovic) - TSC

@nzakas moderated, and @btmills took notes and updated issues with resolutions.

## Topics

### [Breaking: define an `exports` field for our public API](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/13654)

* **TSC Summary**: This proposal seeks to add an `exports` field to `package.json` that specifically identifies which files are part of the public API. Despite our consistently saying people should not be accessing files directly in the `eslint` package, people still are, and then complain when we make a change. For new Node.js versions, including `exports` would ensure our internal file structure isn't exposed publicly.
* **TSC Question**: Shall we accept this proposal and add it to the public roadmap (for v8.0.0).
* @mdjermanovic asks if this will require an RFC or early notice to packages.
* @nzakas thinks putting it on the roadmap and including it in an early "Here's what's coming in v8.0.0" blog post will be sufficient.
* @mysticatea points out that browsers use `eslint/lib/linter`, but @nzakas says there's no harm in exposing that because `Linter` is already part of our public API.
* @mdjermanovic and @mysticatea point out that `@typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin` and `eslint-plugin-vue` import core rules to extend them. All agree that we want to discourage this.
* @nzakas suggests accepting the proposal and letting anyone who's interested start an RFC for v8.0.0.
* :+1: from @btmills, @mdjermanovic, and @mysticatea.

**Resolution**: Accept the issue and add it to the roadmap.

### [Status of `eslint-canary`](https://github.com/eslint/tsc-meetings/issues/212#issuecomment-699584383)

* @platinumazure: Would it be possible to discuss what we want to do with eslint-canary? Should it be archived, maintained with no roadmap, or maintained with a roadmap in mind? (Or some other option I didn't specify?)
* In the [2017-02-16 TSC meeting](https://github.com/eslint/tsc-meetings/blob/98218c895be3d75211f532f6414be2f22b46b2df/notes/2017/2017-02-16.md#transferring-eslint-canary-to-the-eslint-github-organization), we decided to transfer `eslint-canary` into the organization.
* In the [original issue](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/8032) that proposed it, @not-an-aardvark agreed to be the primary maintainer, but the team is significantly smaller now.
* We have a nightly [Jenkins job](https://jenkins.eslint.org/job/eslint-canary/) that has been failing for the last year.
* @nzakas asks if anyone feels strongly enough about `eslint-canary` to take it on.
* @btmills proposes archiving the repository and disabling the Jenkins job for now and picking it back up if anyone is ever interested.
* :+1: from @nzakas, @mysticatea, and @mdjermanovic.

**Resolution**: Archive `eslint-canary` for now and delete the Jenkins job until and unless someone decides to take it on later.

### [Hacktoberfest](https://github.com/eslint/tsc-meetings/issues/212#issuecomment-705103347)

* @nzakas: Agenda item: should we participate in Hacktoberfest formally?
* This was originally asked in https://github.com/eslint/eslint/discussions/13743.
* For context, due to excessive spam this year, Hacktoberfest requires projects to opt-in.
* @btmills's impression is that spam has subsided and would be willing to try it unless we get more spam.
* @nzakas points out we would need to go through and label Hacktoberfest issues and be responsive in helping work on them for the last three weeks in October.
* @btmills skimmed issues and didn't see many that would be good for first-time contributors, and @mdjermanovic says many of the accepted issues still need some design.
* @nzakas feels the cost-benefit isn't in our favor this year.
* @btmills suggests we're leaning toward skipping this year.
* :+1: from @nzakas, @mysticatea, and @mdjermanovic.

**Resolution**: We will not participate in Hacktoberfest this year.

### [Project to track issue triage](https://github.com/eslint/tsc-meetings/issues/212#issuecomment-705116814)

> @nzakas: Agenda item: in order to move forward with the triage team idea, it occurs to me that we need a better way of defining our process for triaging issues and pull requests. I think the easiest way to do this would be to use a GitHub project to manage the process instead of relying on labels. That way, we'd be able to more easily tell at a glance which issues and pull requests need more attention.
>
> I tried putting together a project here: https://github.com/orgs/eslint/projects/2
>
> The idea is that issues and pull requests from all of our projects would end up in this one board, so we wouldn't need to go into each individual project. We can also add automation to help move things between columns automatically. The high-level goal here is to have a single place to go to review all of our open issues and pull requests and to know which are in need of attention.

* The triage team would field incoming "Needs Triage" items, move them to "Triaging", and then get them "Ready for Team" where the TSC would look at them.
* :+1: from @btmills, @mdjermanovic, and @mysticatea.

**Resolution**: We'll adopt this board. @nzakas will finish setting it up and write docs on how to use it. After trying it for a few weeks, we can work on automating it.

### Tidelift

* @nzakas wants to check that everyone got Tidelift set up.
* @nzakas had some trouble and is working with support.
* @btmills had some speed bumps but got set up eventually.
* @mysticatea is in the process of registering.
* @mdjermanovic got the payment and is sorting out some remaining trouble.

### [Scheduled release for October 9th, 2020](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/13719)

**Resolution**: @mdjermanovic will do the release with backup if necesary from @btmills.
